also enormously strong that
normally muscular known as the
Muscled merged Germanic beast
winner world in various contests
continental values ​​is going to be the
attraction of Mr. Peru and the
we said hello tonight the beast
German
i wait for you
How are you
look at Monday they have set to do it
we all have in the arm over all
the darker skins reactions in front
to the vaccine not while the reaction of the
vaccine in the case of
[Music]
here
the beetles no no no no
yes I already know that there
but the Germanic beast is good to pass
this good side god creates them
What do you think about the ioannin frame?
his team
beautiful
I wish every day
chile and peru
how about
[Music]
but unfortunately still because of the theme
it's about following a very diet
strict to keep me in shape but
If the event ends there, it will
try some food
it's a marcus thing how much of that body
this is absolutely genuine
in nutrition a lot of discipline
education quite effort consuming the
supplements latest products
tricio nissan exim that are the ones that
they help keep me in shape
marcus at 147 kilos to have
problems to bundle this country so
general, people are not that size,
must have problems on the sites for
arrive at a local to sit on a chair
of people but I busy almost all
the people who travel with me
they definitely did not have a good
trip through the bathroom door
says that it's the first time it's coming in
Peru, however , follows it a little bit
because this one who wants to go to Machu Picchu
and also that it follows our players
of soccer as is the case of Claudio
pizarro for example and means of sale
European where people are good models
any strategy you undock like
thought the warrior
and I follow him in the bundesliga not all
Saturdays I see them are great athletes
for those who do not know German marcoussis
of birth
when in the 100% years for one when
when I see a big guy a guy
muscular says usually not you
it goes through the head this guy grabbed me and
bad me to link the muscles with the
false with the aggressive with aggressiveness
when it went to the Lord is the case of frame
wendy beige and they are several
susan several times but to me
the crisis
I am very far from all love
[Music]
how are you by my side
in this framework the initial
that they do not tell us about a little
about the event to be carried
out and to invite a little bit also to
the people and who are going to be
I want to thank the selection first
for having brought me here through me
main hobby
and I was given the opportunity to come to this
country the main element on Saturday
On Saturday, make the cisterns event
but not at 5 o'clock in the afternoon it will be in
the central reserve bank
I have no idea
never made a Peruvian bodybuilder
it's not the performance of our friend of
our friend marcus